# TCPCongestionAnalysis

### Download
[Pcap Files ZIP](https://github.com/MelanieGz/TCPCongestionAnalysis/releases/download/v1.0.0/TCPDumpBW.zip)

## CloudLab
All three of the above folders are ran on CloudLab at their designated nodes. After running these scripts, there will be two files outputted. A romeo.pcap file which contains the packets from the traffic between Romeo and Juliet and the bandwidth_time.csv file which keeps track of the time that the bandwidth changes. Please click on this [link](https://github.com/MelanieGz/TCPCongestionAnalysis/releases/download/v1.0.0/TCPDumpBW.zip) for the zip file containing all of the pcap and bandwidth files generated after running the experiments on CloudLab. This zip file can also be downloaded from the download section and the release section on GitHub.

### Client
The client folder contains the bash scripts for Romeo. Configure.sh starts by downloading all of the necessary packages to run Romeo, this is where the tcpdump captures the packets from the traffic generated by iperf3. Data.sh initiates the iperf3 session with Juliet by generating traffic for 60 seconds using the preferred TCP congestion algorithm. 

### Router
The router is where the bandwidth change take place and there are three python files; one for each experiement (5-10-15, 10-2-5, 5-15-7). It infinitely loops through the specifed bandwidth for 10 seconds each and generates the network traffic between romeo and juliet. 

### Server
The server contains the bash script for Juliet which includes the necessary libraries and starts the iperf3 session. 

## Local
With the pcap and bandwidth files aquired from CloudLab, we are able to analyze the results in our local terminal. Process.py processes the files recieved using pyshark.

Now we will walk through how to reproduce the graphs from the final lab report.

1) Clone the github repository 
2) Downlaod the PCAP files from the zip
3) Unpack the zip file in the root of the repository
4) Run python process.py in the root of repository
5) You will be provided three options for the variable moobile link situation you would like to analyze: 10-2-15, 5-15-7, 5-10-15
6) Select one of them
7) Wait 1 minute until the graphs populate on the screen


